what's up guys person here and today's
video is going to be about new shadow
point General Hospital and this will be
part one of a multi-part series just
because there are 18 floors and only
three of our field right now but I felt
that it was appropriate to have its own
video right now just so you guys know
it's coming up in the future I mean so
in your shadow point general it is
located southwest of new ShadowClan so
on the island you go south then you turn
west and there are a few signs around
the city that lead you to it just like
in real life and then once you get to it
I plan on having an emergency department
I do have most of the emergency
department done or the operating room
done and then all I need is a few clinic
floors and other stuff that you find in
the hospital it does have 35 separate
buildings one is the main hospital tower
one is the research center and one is
the clinic and parking deck so over here
over here what we have is the so on the
left is parking deck right as a research
center and if we come closer you can see
these are the signs that we have that
lead you to the way so this is emergency
to the right sparking blah blah blah you
can enter through here and I guess we
can go into the clinic right now Cancer
Center sorry research center and cancer
center so these are our elevators using
a plug-in you can go from one floor to
the next
this is the clinic floor or a research
floor if we going through this door see
all the separate labs the hoods
everything structures all around the
building that's pretty much it for that
research facility if we go down to the
basement there's a tunnel system that
connects all three buildings to each
other and so that's where you go to the
main hospital tower and in this way you
go to parking that's a parking consists
of this first floor and then a few
floors underground and then everything
above it is the clinic so again it has
the same elevator system you can go in
this is doctor's office which doctors
office a clinic you get general idea
then if we go across the bridge to this
side we're in the main office tower now
and this whole thing if you guys live in
Atlanta you'll recognize this as the
emory Crawford long hospital and that's
what its base after so here is the
cafeteria they have upstairs is the
operating room I won't really go into it
there's not much to see there I'm going
to come out the front and then go around
a little bit we'll see the emergency
room area
so here we are emergency department once
you're admitted you come back here bunch
of structures and stuff lying about then
if we go outside you see the ambulances
and the ambulance Bay that is private in
the back kind of hidden away coming
around to this side this is the outdoor
sitting area for the cafeteria quite
pretty for the middle of the city will
come up a little bit we'll see the
helipad for the hospital it's actually
on top of the Delaware building but yeah
they were nice enough to you know give
space for the hospital and all and
that's pretty much all i have with the
hospital for now I just thought it was
appropriate to have one video to tell
you guys you know this is what it's
going to be and all and I hope you guys
were interested if you haven't
subscribed and want to see this once
it's done if you don't mind subscribing
and rating the video what you think it
deserves and I'll see you guys later